# Introduction to CENO

The [Censorship.no!](https://censorship.no) project (CeNo) is a novel approach to circumventing Internet censorship and enabling unfettered access to the World Wide Web for netizens operating in some of the most restrictive Internet environments. Users do not need to know a friendly proxy server in the uncensored zone in order to bypass local filtering - setting CeNo apart from most other circumvention initiatives. CeNo maintains strong privacy and anonymity features as well as offering users plausible deniability in an emergency situation. CeNo is built in expectation of aggressive Internet filtering and the establishment of [national intranets](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_intranet) to fence off nations from the wicked Web.

The project bridges the [Freenet](https://freenetproject.org) anonymity network with the mainstream Internet, benefiting from the network’s circumvention properties and thousands of existing nodes offering strong privacy, anonymity and plausible deniability. CeNo will enable Freenet nodes to cache imported content inside the target country, using the (less throttled) national network infrastructure for anonymous distribution amongst other nodes. This will reduce load on the international exit nodes, leaving them stable and undiscovered for longer. Redistribution of content within a national Internet jurisdiction will make traffic analysis and user profiling extremely difficult for the authorities to perform. A handful of in-country nodes with access to international nodes will be enough for the network to offer a huge range of content otherwise censored, making the outreach effort for volunteer nodes in the uncensored zone a much simpler task.